Add a step needs to be done before syncing package repo (#268)
stackhpc/stackhpc-release-train: docs/usage/content-howto.md

Update one or more package repositories to a new version, then build new Kolla container images from those repositories.

> * Add package repositories to update at [`package-repos`](https://github.com/stackhpc/stackhpc-release-train/blob/main/ansible/inventory/group_vars/all/package-repos)

Reviewer: That stage is for syncing new repos, but not updating existing ones. I think it's fine to add this line but please also add a note to it saying that it's only necessary for new repos.

> * Add new pacakage repositories to update at [`package-repos`](https://github.com/stackhpc/stackhpc-release-train/blob/main/ansible/inventory/group_vars/all/package-repos) (If required e.g. new point release)

Author: Added a note

Reviewer: I'm not sure how but the conversation has become split here. I'm going to resolve this one and add comments to the old one

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the repository URL has changed e.g. a new minor version has been released, add new package repositories to [`package-repos`](https://github.com/stackhpc/stackhpc-release-train/blob/main/ansible/inventory/group_vars/all/package-repos)
```

> * Add new pacakage repositories to update at [`package-repos`](https://github.com/stackhpc/stackhpc-release-train/blob/main/ansible/inventory/group_vars/all/package-repos) (If required e.g. new point release)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If the repository URL has changed e.g. a new minor version has been released, add new package repositories to [`package-repos`](https://github.com/stackhpc/stackhpc-release-train/blob/main/ansible/inventory/group_vars/all/package-repos)
```
